Load secrets from vault (#160)
sitture/env-config: README.md

| `env.config.keepass.enabled`   | `ENV_CONFIG_KEEPASS_ENABLED`   | Whether to load properties from a keepass file. **default:** `false`                                                                                      |
| `env.config.keepass.filename`  | `ENV_CONFIG_KEEPASS_FILENAME`  | The keepass filename to load from the resources folder (src/main/resources). **default:** the root project directory name. i.e. `project.build.directory` |
| `env.config.keepass.masterkey` | `ENV_CONFIG_KEEPASS_MASTERKEY` | The password to open the keepass file. This is required if `env.config.keepass.enabled=true`.                                                             |

> | `env.config.vault.enabled`     | `ENV_CONFIG_VAULT_ENABLED`     | Whether to load properties from a keepass file. **default:** `false`                                                                                      |

Author: ```suggestion
| `env.config.vault.enabled`     | `ENV_CONFIG_VAULT_ENABLED`     | Whether to load properties from a vault secret. **default:** `false`                                                                                      |
```
